hello and welcome to easy gluten free
today I'll be showing fave healthy
recipes calm how to do a copycat version
of cracker barrels hash brown casserole
now there's no shortage of knockoffs for
the recipe but all the ones I've seen
call for a can of condensed cream of
chicken soup which usually contains
gluten so I'm going to show you a gluten
free alternative to that ingredient and
I'm also going to lighten it up with
lower calories swap outs from some of
the original ingredients so you won't
feel too guilty with this version
alright to make this you're gonna need a
30 ounce bag of defrosted frozen hash
browns where you could just grate 2
pounds of potatoes yourself if you want
1 large onion that's been peeled and
finely diced a 12 ounce can of
evaporated skim milk 2 teaspoons of
chicken bouillon granules make sure it's
gluten free if you're on a gluten-free
diet a cornstarch slurry which is 1
tablespoon of cornstarch mixed with 2
tablespoons of cold water until you have
a lump free mixture 7 ounces of low-fat
Greek yogurt 6 ounces of grated reduced
fat cheddar 4 tablespoons of melted
butter 2 tablespoons of diced butter 1
teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of
pepper all right now first preheat the
oven to 350 degrees and spray a 9 by 12
inch casserole dish with nonstick spray
to make the cream of chicken soup in a
small saucepan add the evaporated skim
milk and the bouillon granules and stir
over a medium heat until the bouillon
dissolves and the milk just starts to
come to a boil then add the cornstarch
slurry and stir for one to two minutes
or until the mixture thickens then
remove it from the heat and pour it into
a large mixing bowl to cool down once
it's cooled add the onions cheddar
yogurt salt and pepper and melted
then stir to combine in a very large
bowl pour the sauce mixture over the
grated potatoes and mix until everything
is well combined now pour the mixture
into the prepared casserole dish and dot
the top with the diced butter which will
help it get nicely browned on top bake
it for 55 minutes to an hour or until it
has the color that you want on top if
the casserole isn't as dark as you want
after an hour you could stick it under
the broiler for two to five minutes when
it's finished let it stand for 10 to 15
minutes to set and then it's ready to
serve now this one has all the
creaminess of a casserole with hash
brown potatoes playing the leading role
it's great with any meal so why wait for
breakfast I initially had mine for
dinner with some roasted chicken and a
small salad but for all you breakfast
lovers out there rest assured the
leftovers were reheated the following
day to make a phenomenal addition to
this mid-morning feast I can't think of
a better side dish with sausage bacon
eggs or whatever breakfast fare you have
in mind so give this one a try and leave
me a comment to let me know what you'd
serve it with and if you'd like to see
this recipe in print you could always
visit my blog and for additional recipes
and tips to fit in with your healthy
lifestyle visit my friends at feed
healthy recipes com see you again soon